Uh, hi.
I assume you're the
transfer, Ailey Calois?
Who, now?
Oh, yes, you're correct.
That's me.
My name's Auguste Zelm.
As vice president
of student council,
I'm here to escort
you onto our campus.
May I call you Ailey?
Mm-hmm. I'm pleased to make
your acquaintance, Sir Zelm.
You can just call me Auguste.
[AILEEN] For Aileen Lauren
d'Autriche, it is not game over!
And now, my life disguised
as a boy begins!
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude.
Must I remind you time and
time again that I'm a woman,
not a fainting couch?
Exhaustion bested me.
Unlike my demons, humans
never run out of demands.
The onslaught of their
troubles never ceases.
Well, perhaps you should
retire to your bedchamber
to relax a little.
That would be marvelous
if only I could convince
a certain busy bee to join me.
Please! I've so much to do!
[AILEEN gasps]
Keith. Is there
something you require?
We have a slight problem
in the Mirchetta region.
A demon named Ashtarte
has pronounced himself
their representative and
sent us a rather troubling
and urgent message.
A group of demons
disobeyed your orders
and attacked a human village.
[AILEEN]
Mirchetta.
Given our copious
number of enemies,
I fear you'll be held
responsible for this.
[AILEEN] It's a vassal
state of the Elmir Empire
and home of Mische Academy.
I know all of this because
it's where Regalia of Saints,
Demons, and Maidens
2 takes place.
I don't remember everything
about the second game,
but hopefully enough to get by.
After they lose the demon
lord, there are demons
who try to destroy the
Grand Duchy of Mirchetta.
If they tank the Duchy
in this reality,
there's no doubt people
will blame Lord Claude.
He'll lose his right to
the throne as quick as he
regained it.
And if that happens,
I go from future empress
to laughingstock.
I've beat one unfortunate end,
and I'll beat this one, too!
"By no means are we willing to
accept a demon lord
who has fallen for the
Holy Sword Maiden.
Unless you cooperate and
present us with the head
of your lover,
our terror shall reign,
and our next target
will be the Grand Duke."
Well. We must act.
Initiate the emergency
procedures for a demon invasion.
Yes, Lord.
I've dispatched Belzebuth
and Almond to the village
that was attacked.
I'll ask Jasper to use
his audience to raise
relief funds and
gather supplies.
There isn't much else
we can do for now.
]I will be acting as the Grand
Duke of Mirchetta's proxy.
What?
It will put me in
the opportune position
to catch Ashtarte myself.
[KEITH] Between his grief and
the stress of this situation,
The Grand Duke
has fallen quite ill.
How are you so sure
something like this
would be allowed?
The groundwork has
already been laid, dear.
Cédric's approval was key
in moving the plan along.
Prince Cédric is involved?
I can feel a dreadful pit
forming in my stomach.
I'll just have to go with you.
No, you can't.
It's your head that
those fiends are after.
But darling, you're looking
at the newest keeper
of the holy sword!
Demons are by no means
a threat nowadays.
I'm certain that's a fact
Ashtarte's been made aware of.
He'll surely employ humans
to do his bidding.
The region itself
is a rough place.
They're not known for holding
women in the highest regard,
even though it's the homeland
of the Holy Sword Maiden.
There's a popular
saying there that
"even the Saint of Salvation
should never forget
her duties as a woman."
It's rather archaic,
like many of the beliefs
to which their society clings.
It would be best for you to
stay in the imperial capital.
Yes, but I'm sure I could help.
[AILEEN]
Something feels off.
If my game-knowledge
doesn't fail me,
someone is using
the demon incense.
It's an underground drug.
When used on demons, it causes
them to lose all rationality.
When used on humans,
it gives a huge boost
to their physical strength.
I can only imagine what
would happen if someone
used it on Lord Claude.
[WOMEN laughing]
[chuckles]
How dare you put on such
a lascivious expression!
Lascivious.
I'm afraid I'm unsure of
what you're talking about.
Nothing, what matters is that
I will be going with you!
I've proved myself
ridiculously helpful!
I refuse to let you come.
[AILEEN gasps]
Given your powers
of teleportation,
I doubt there's been a
moment in your whole life
that you've felt the anguish
of being left behind.
So what?
So, it's unfair if I'm
the only one suffering!
I forbid you from
using magic to visit me
while you're away.
Let this trial show our love
can persist through absence!
If you're unable to
take this rule seriously,
I'll reevaluate our engagement!
[ISAAC]
Uh...
[KEITH chuckles]
[AILEEN]
Mische Academy.
This place should serve
as a good sample to see if
goings on here are
similar to the game.
Or if the script
has been flipped.
Unfortunately, that's the
palace where Lord Claude
is acting as the
grand duke's proxy.
It's closer than I hoped.
There better not be any
accidental encounters.
Aileen's in the capital,
after all!
My father helped me make
sure everything was okay
with the paperwork.
I even fudged my name and gender
as an additional precaution.
[STUDENT A] I told you, woman,
coffee should be served
with sugar!
I apologize, sir.
Hey! What do you
think you're-- huh? Okay.
You're an embarrassment
of a fiancée!
I knew you were a fool, but
you can't even order coffee.
Your behavior towards
this lady is reproachable.
Can it!
[grunts]
Who the hell are you? Speak up!
Transfer student, Ailey Calois.
Get to your feet, sir.
She deserves an
immediate apology.
Absolutely not!
Apologize to a girl?
[AILEEN] I've heard the male
chauvinism runs rampant
at this academy, but it's
worse than expected.
You all should know,
I'm surely not a believer
in the old teachings on
the Holy Sword Maiden.
Need help?
[STUDENT A] What happened?
Did I miss something?
[STUDENT B] Why would a
guy like that enroll here?
I advise ending your
engagement with that louse
as quickly as you can.
Your life will be better for it.
I must be going.
Adieu, fair miss.
Impressive skills, my friend!
What an imbecile!
I specifically instructed
her to lay low!
This is the student
council room.
Look at that, we're getting a
rare sighting of Kyle and Walt!
My, newcomer, it must
be your lucky day.
Kyle was seeking reprieve
from his admirers,
and I tagged along.
Hush. As far as mobs go,
I can't complain.
[WALT, AUGUSTE laugh]
[AILEEN]
Auguste. Walt. And Kyle.
In the second game, each one of
them is a romanceable character.
There are different
ways you can play,
but in the "best" ending,
Auguste uses Lilia's holy sword
to defeat the final boss.
We haven't met. You are?
Right! I just transferred.
Pleased to meet you,
my name is Ailey Calois.
Ah. You have a very
pretty face, Sir Ailey.
A face you can observe
from way over there.
What happened to haste?
You were supposed to
bring him here the second
he stepped on campus.
[AUGUSTE] I rushed him
over as fast as I could.
Apologies, President James.
[AILEEN]
James Charles.
The student council president,
and this game's final boss.
[AILEEN] James is a half-demon,
and was a prime candidate
to be the next Grand
Duke of Mirchetta.
But his high standing
made him a target.
A powerful church
within the grand duchy
constantly sends assassins
to do the poor guy in.
In the midst of this distress,
he pronounces himself
the demon lord's successor
and attacks the grand duchy.
I'm sure I can stop him
from becoming the boss!
I'll just have to
tame James, too.
For the kingdom and for my
darling Lord Claude, of course!
So, you're the
infamous Ailey Calois.
You've been here
a fraction of a day,
and yet you've already
caused trouble.
Now, James.
He was standing up for
what he thought was right.
[JAMES] Every time you
attempt to play the hero,
you waste your breath.
The only law that exists
within this academy is me.
Remember that.
[AILEEN] This is how kids
would bully me when I was
Cédric's fiancée.
[STUDENTS laugh]
I wanted to check in,
are you doing all right?
The girl from yesterday.
You're, uh...
Rachel Danis, I forgot
to give you my name.
Rachel Danis, you say?
Yes. Have I done
something to offend you?
Not at all.
You just happen to have the same
name as another girl I know.
I see, what a funny coincidence.
[STUDENT A] Rachel!
What are you doing with him?
Get over here!
I should go.
[AILEEN]
Rachel Danis.
She's supposed to be
this game's villainess.
Her personality
isn't what I expected.
[KOENIG] Not only have you
proven yourself a troublemaker,
but it appears you've already
managed to misplace
your textbook.
What a joy to teach
you're sure to be.
What's the answer to the
question on page 137?
It's three.
Well done, young man, correct.
--[STUDENT C] That's incredible!
--[STUDENT D] I'm impressed!
'Twas a fool's luck
and nothing more.
[AILEEN]
Close call.
I'm glad my brain held onto
that random information.
[AILEEN]
Is that...?
You want me to deliver
this letter to Auguste?
Yes, please. Lord Auguste went
out of his way to stand up
to my boyfriend when he was
yelling at me the other day.
This felt like the best way
to tell him thank you
for all he did.
Consider it done.
And just so you're aware, if
you're having serious troubles
with your boyfriend,
I would be more than happy
to help you end things with him.
Ah! You would do that for me?
Of course!
But you'll have to be strong
enough to bring it up
to him yourself, even though
it could be very difficult.
Try to channel the
courage of Lady Lilia,
the Holy Sword Maiden!
Right. I will!
[AILEEN] Selena Gilbert is
the heroine of this game,
so it makes sense she adores
the heroine of the last game,
AKA Lilia.
Much like Lilia, Selena
was born a commoner,
but her father became a baron.
[AUGUSTE]
Ailey.
I heard what happened
to your textbook.
Are you all right?
Absolutely.
Schoolyard bullies
don't bother me.
[SELENA]
Auguste!
Would you be able to walk home
together after class today?
I've received yet another
delivery for you.
I've been a bit overwhelmed
with all these requests
of late.
How about we discuss it
in the student council room?
That way we can avoid
any passersby getting
the wrong idea.
[AILEEN] Weird, he won't
walk home with her?
Her favorability rating
must be too low.
Maybe things aren't
progressing like they did
in the original game.
You should be more concerned
with what passersby
think of your friends.
You'd really associate with
someone who denounced
the Holy Sword Maiden?
Oops. I should've mentioned
Selena's a big fan of
Lady Lilia's.
The two of them have even
exchanged letters before.
I mentioned the
Holy Sword Maiden,
but Lady Lilia no
longer holds that title.
Make certain not to say
that in front of Selena!
And don't bring up Aileen
d'Autriche unless you want
an earful.
She despises her and
believes she should return
Lady Lilia's sword.
If you're not busy, I actually
have a favor I wanted to ask
of you.
[KEITH]
Lord Claude.
Members of the guardian
association are here to discuss
an issue at Mische Academy.
[CLAUDE]
I see. You can send them in.
Suppose I send her
a letter using magic.
Would that be a
breach of her rule?
I worry that even the slightest
use of magic would provoke her.
You're right.
In that case, ask Almond
to deliver it for me.
Oh, and you should know.
The prodigal son of the
Grand Duke of Mirchetta
has been investing rather
large sums of money
in that questionable church.
It seems he's trying to have
his nephew assassinated.
Nephew.
So his deceased older sister
had an illegitimate child?
[KEITH]
Indeed.
Nearly 20 years ago,
she eloped with a demon--
in the shadows, of course.
Shortly after, a half-demon
was born out of this union.
Now the duke's son
is worried his nephew
will be chosen to be
the next ruler over him.
He also believes his nephew
is the demon, Ashtarte.
These concerns have made
the man quite unstable.
That's good to know.
I will keep it in mind.
[AILEEN groans]
Lots of groaning.
Something you wish to report?
[AILEEN]
Well, you see...
I'm thinking that I
could benefit heavily
from joining the
student council.
[ISAAC sighs]
I implored you not to stand out!
We have greater issues
than my stardom.
I received a letter from Lord
Claude and it's alarming,
to say the least.
You've been discovered?
[AILEEN]
No! It's not that.
[CLAUDE] Before you, my love,
I'm reduced to a foolish boy.
You have become my entire world.
Thus, if my time with you ends,
I'll ensure that the
world ends with it.
I lie awake at night wondering
could a goddess like you
be racked with the
same irrationality?
My love burns bright,
and yet you've forced me
to dwell in yearning.
All I wish is to plunge
into its flames.
I await your reply, my love.
Claude Jeanne Elmir.
[AILEEN] How does one begin
to reply to a letter filled
with such passion?!
This new friend of yours wants
a spot on the student council?
I believe a transfer
student on the team
would be a positive change.
It's true I'm not entirely
familiar with the ways
of the academy.
That said, as more
of an outsider,
I believe I could provide
a different perspective
on school matters.
This academy functions
as a mirror of Mirchetta.
Thus, the student council
mirrors its government.
It would be foolish
to grant a foreigner
a leadership position in a
group they don't understand.
I think he would
make a great addition.
It isn't uncommon for
governments to scout counsel
from outside regions.
And I'm not one to say
no to another comrade.
Before we continue
this discussion,
let's see if he has any
counsel worth scouting.
[AILEEN]
What can I do to prove myself?
[JAMES]
Investigate.
A female student was injured
under mysterious circumstances.
The most prevalent
rumor circulating says
it was the work of a vampire.
How peculiar.
You suspect it's some
sort of demon?
[JAMES] The student
was found unconscious.
She had a wound suggesting
her blood had been sucked.
The victim herself had no
memories of the incident.
The guardian association
heard, and has gone so far
as to consult the
grand duke's proxy.
[AILEEN] They must be
concerned to trouble him.
They contacted the demon lord?
How brazen of them.
[JAMES] What's more, there
are those suspicious that
the demon lord is the culprit.
I'm willing and fully capable
of solving this case!
I'll catch them with
evidence, not suspicion!
[AILEEN] I can't let these
people think Lord Claude
attacked a student!
He would never!
In that case,
I'll leave it to you.
If you succeed in
finding the culprit,
I'll let you join the council.
[AILEEN]
Just one question.
Will you grant me permission
to create a security force?
For what?
If there is a demon involved,
we're better off safe
than sorry, yes?
Your point is justified.
But before implementing
changes in security,
you'll need the director of
the academy to sign this.
At the moment, that would
be the grand duke's proxy.
What, now?
I shouldn't have to tell you
that the director of our school
is the Grand Duke.
Obviously his proxy will
fill the role while he cannot.
I can't say that was an
aspect I was aware of.
So, you would throw yourself
headfirst into a vampire
investigation, but you're
scared of the demon lord?
[CLAUDE]
Hmm.
Perhaps I can hire a
craftsman to make a replica
of Aileen in the
form of a pillow.
I've observed
something of you lately.
It appears your weariness
and lovesickness increase
in parallel.
By the way, a student from
the academy is coming by.
I believe they said they
need a signature from you.
[knocking]
You're welcome to enter.
[KEITH]
Uh...
I can't help but ask,
why might you be a duck?
There is a student
inside of there, yes?
An unimportant duck
wouldn't be responsible
for important documents.
I am certain the symbol
of the academy is a lily.
It represents the Holy Sword
Maiden, not a duck.
[ALMOND]
Caw!
I've returned!
I kept Aileen's reply
safe for you, my lord!
[CLAUDE]
Hm.
You have my permission, duck.
Hopefully this force will help
prevent future incidents.
Be diligent.
Good bird. Great work, Almond.
Compliments and head scratches?
[AILEEN]
To my beloved Lord Claude.
I'm doing very well over here.
I hope you continue
to work hard.
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
[KEITH]
Hm...
[CLAUDE whimpers]
I successfully
bamboozled him as a duck.
And that thoughtless letter
worked to divert his attention
away from me.
What genius concocted
a plan so lovely?
[AILEEN] The rain didn't let
up until I wrote a reply
that was up to his aggressively
passionate standards.
Goodness!
I had to whip out all my
womanly wiles for that letter!
Maybe you should hush
about your womanly wiles
in your masculine form.
Oops, you're right. Boy time.
[ISAAC]
What's your rationale here?
Why make a security force?
If anything fishy happens, we'll
be the first to know about it.
I have a strong feeling
this whole vampire ordeal
has something to
do with Ashtarte.
[ISAAC]
Shh!
That's Rachel!
I remember her; she's the one
you protected on your first day.
I even sold all my dresses.
I'm sorry, but I-- I still
don't have the money.
Wait, I know him!
You realize how easy it
would be to tell them the truth.
That the culprit behind the
gruesome vampire attack
was none other than
little Rachel Danis.
[RACHEL]
No, you can't!
[WALT] To think Professor
Koenig has been the perpetrator
this whole time.
[AILEEN]
My goodness, Walt!
Why are you out so late?
Don't tell me that seniors
aren't allowed to join
the security force!
I don't believe we've met.
Oh. Hello, I'm a childhood
friend of Ailey's.
The academy brought
us back together.
Well. We should probably
get the names of those two
to James as quickly as we can.
Since you don't
have enough money,
I'm afraid you're going
to have to pay the rest
in a different way.
[RACHEL gasps]
[KOENIG] When you wake up,
you'll appear to be nothing more
than another victim
of the vampire.
In reality, it'll be
the work of a de--
Now, Isaac, tend to Rachel!
Got her!
Huh? Sir Ailey?
Ugh. You're in for yet another
spectacle, I'm sure.
[AILEEN] How did he get so
far away from me so fast?
That's strange.
Something out here
smells weirdly sweet.
[KOENIG yells]
[AILEEN]
Is that... James?
Why is he already
in his demon form?